#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
    #   lightning
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
croniter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dateutils==0.6.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deepdiff==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi[all]==0.88.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
fonttools==4.39.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
google-auth==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
grpcio==1.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
huggingface-hub==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   timm
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
inquirer==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   starsessions
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
lightning==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-cloud==0.5.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
lightning-utilities==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
markdown==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
notebook==6.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepdiff
orjson==3.8.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch-tb-profiler
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   lightning
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   lightning
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning-cloud
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   dateutils
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pytorch-lightning==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateutils
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
readchar==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   inquirer
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchvision
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   google-auth
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   lightning
    #   starsessions
starsessions==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
sympy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch-tb-profiler
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
timm==0.6.12
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pyproject-hooks
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-tb-profiler==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   timm
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   starlette
    #   torch
ujson==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   lightning
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
watchfiles==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
